refactor: restructure and improve Staking documentation (#72)
KILTprotocol/docs: docs/participate/01_Staking/01_Become a Collator/01_overview.md

---
id: overview
title: Overview
---

## Introduction

Collators are the most important members of the network as they do not only maintain the state by running a full node but also advance it by building state transition proofs and sharing these with the relay chain validators.
Generally speaking, the latter finalize the proposed block if it is valid.
It is important to note that elusive collators can never get invalid blocks finalized thanks to the design security umbrella provided by the relay chain.
Thus, the most harm dishonest collators can do, is to slow down or halt the network.

> As long as there exists at least one honest collator, the parachain is secured and fully operative. 

Reviewer: W: Although with a potentially slower block time.

> Whoever wants to join the KILT network as a collator, has to run a full node of the blockchain and set up their keys.

Reviewer: W: We use you everywhere, I would rephrase this to address the reader.

> You also require a minimum amount of tokens self-staked to qualify for a collator seat.

Reviewer: M: 
```suggestion
You are also required to hold a minimum amount of tokens self-staked to qualify for a collator seat.
```

Thus, only the collators with the highest total stake periodically selected to be eligible block authors.

:::info
You can find more information about Collators and the relay-parachain-interaction in the [**official Polkadot Wiki**](https://wiki.polkadot.network/docs/learn-collator).
:::

## Roadmap

We will guide you through the steps to become a collator.
First, we will discuss the hardware requirements and how you could test the performance of your node.
Then, we go over a few configuration options and show you how to setup and start a KILT collator, including how to generate your sessions keys and join the pool of collator candidates.

:::info
In case you are already collating, you could check out the advanced section.
There you will learn how to [**monitor**](../02_Advanced%20Collator%20Section/04_monitoring.md) or [**benchmark**](../02_Advanced%20Collator%20Section/06_benchmarking.md) your node, [**adjust your stake**](../02_Advanced%20Collator%20Section/01_adjust_stake.md), [**fix problems**](../05_troubleshooting.md) or [**leave the network**](../02_Advanced%20Collator%20Section/02_exit.md).
:::

## Join the Community

> As a collator you are obliged to keep track of updates and changes to configuration.

Reviewer: W:
```suggestion
As a collator you are required to keep track of updates and changes to configuration.
```

Sounds a bit less harsh in my opinion 😁

You should also be accessible in case there is any issue with your node as this does not only affect your and your delegator's rewards but also the entire network negatively.
We recommend to join the [KILT Community Discord server](https://discord.gg/wBrXsB5G) and follow (at least) the **collators** and **staking** channels.
There, you will receive announcements about future updates and potential mandatory client upgrades.
Moreover, they serve as a discussion hub for collators and delegators.

> After having joined the Discord, feel free to send a DM to `Dudley | KILT protocol#6222` or `William | KILT Protocol#4433` to introduce yourself.

Reviewer: C: Can this be made links that take people directly to your profiles?
